Zones specs (#294)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/international/locations/zones/add-new-zone.md

> ---

Reviewer: Could you rename this file for add-edit-zone ?

> title: Add new zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Add edit zone
```

weight: 1
---

> # Add new zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add edit zone
```

The following fields/toggles are displayed:

>  - **Name**: this field is mandatory. When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message appears: "Please fillout this field". Below a help text displays: "Zone name (e.g. Africa, West Coast, Neighboring Countries).".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Name**: this field is mandatory. When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message appears: "Please fillout this field". A tooltip is displayed: "Zone name (e.g. Africa, West Coast, Neighboring Countries).".
```

> - **Active** This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, it is enabled. Has a help text below: "Allow or disallow shipping to this zone."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Active** This toggle can be enabled or disabled. By default, it is enabled. A tooltip is displayed: "Allow or disallow shipping to this zone."
```

## Call to action

- **Save:**
In the case of adding a new zone and if there is no error, the zone is added and a success message is displayed on [zones listing]({{<ref "zones-listing.md">}} "zone listing") : "Creation successful". In the case of editing a zone, the zone is edited and a success message is displayed on [zones listing]({{<ref "zones-listing.md">}} "zone listing") : "Successful update".
- **Cancel:**

> The zone is not added/edited and [zones listing]({{<ref "zones-listing.md">}} "zones listing") is displayed.

Reviewer: What happens if the multistore is enabled ?
